Now for the third step here,
I wanna install my dependencies.
For this, we might be able to find some action
but actually here we just need to run a simple command
in the command line.
And that is npm install or better npm ci.
Now this also installs all dependencies
but it uses dependency versions
that are locked into this package lock JSON file.
It's simply a NPM feature that makes sure
that we're always using the exact same versions
we used during development.
Npm install would be an alternative though
but npm ci is a bit safer
and makes sure that we don't suddenly install
some breaking version.
Now with that, with the dependencies installed,
and keep in mind that we did install them
on our local system way early in this section as well
when we got started with this demo.
But now with them installed on this runner,
we can also run our tests on that runner.
For that, I'll add one last step here
and here I also just run a regular command
because I wanna run this npm test command
which I showed you locally on my machine before as well.
And that's it, that's my first job.
As you see, it's more complex than that first action job
we had before and it's also doing more meaningful things
but it has the same structure and syntax.
And with that added, we can save that file.
And now we wanna create a new commit and push that to GitHub
so that GitHub is aware of that workflow.
And of course, that works just the way it always works.
We make sure that we're in this project directory,
then we stage all files or this specific file
in this specific sub folder.
And then we create a new commit
where I say added test workflow.
And now we can push this.
And as I try to push this,
I get an error here as you can tell.
And this is an important error which I wanna show you.
The error I'm getting here
is basically that I can't push this
because the personal access token
that's being used for identifying this request,
this push request, has no permission to create workflows.
It has permission to add code to that repository,
but since this specific code will lead to the creation
of a GitHub action workflow,
the personal access token also needs permission for that.
So therefore, in order to make sure that we can push,
we have to go to the settings of our developer here,
and under developer settings down here
and personal access token,
we have to generate a new token with GA actions,
that does not just grant the right to push to our repo,
but that also gives us this permission here
to update GitHub action workflows.
That's what need here.
So we also have to check this.
Now, that's all we have to add,
but with that we got a brand new token.
And in order to make sure that this token is used,
we have to delete the token we're currently using.
Now attached, you find instructions on how to do this
on different platforms.
Here in my case, I did update it,
and now if I try to push again, this succeeds.
And with that done, if I now reload, this code was updated.
But under actions, you will also see that this workflow
was added and that it's actually already executing.
Because I added a new workflow that should be executed
whenever we push to this repository,
and therefore well, this workflow is triggered automatically
because we did push.
Now here we can also see that it actually
executed successfully, and we can of course inspect it
and the jobs inside of this workflow
to learn more about the different steps.
Here we see that all these steps were performed,
that dependencies were installed for example,
and that these tests were executed.
And here we can also see these test results,
which we previously saw locally.
And that's really important.
You can inspect the results of your workflows and jobs,
which of course can be super important
especially when you're running automated tests,
because these tests could also be failing,
and in that case, you wanna find out why they failed.
And speaking off that, let's see what happens
if a workflow fails in the next lecture.